Thank you,  for taking these critical steps to end the quiet epidemic of substance abuse.  
Tomorrow, Hillary will testify in front of  Let her know you’re with her.  
An investigation into the deaths of four Americans has been twisted into a partisan attack on Hillary. The facts: 
Hillary championed LGBT equality around the world: “The strongest defense ever in terms of gay rights.”

. is a good friend and a great man. Today and always, inspired by his optimism and commitment to change the world for the better.
Hillary is a longtime fighter for reproductive rights, education, and equal pay. 
As Secretary of State, Hillary prioritized the education of women &amp; girls to build peaceful and prosperous nations.

What did Hillary accomplish as Secretary of State?  weighs in: 
It’s good for our economy when companies prosper by innovating, creating new products, and investing in workers. 
Dorothy, la madre de Hillary, le enseñó la importancia de trabajar duro y de nunca rendirse.

“She was able to restore the credibility of the United States.” —Leon Panetta

As secretary of state, Hillary led the international negotiations that paved the way for the Iran Deal. 
Take it from a fellow Secretary of State: No one used smart power better than Hillary during her tenure.

Before Hillary was running for president, Republicans had the nicest things to say about her. 
Hillary has the experience, skills, and vision we need in our next Commander-in-chief. Just ask  
Watch: Hillary’s diplomacy united unlikely allies around sanctions that got Iran to the negotiating table. 
Former Senior Advisor to President Obama  on Hillary's greatest accomplishments as Secretary of State: 
WATCH: As Sec. of State, Hillary paved the way for the deal that will stop Iran from ever getting a nuclear weapon. 
If you’re a progressive who believes in getting things done, sign up for your free sticker:  
¡Celebración in Texas! Julián Castro endorses Hillary:  
After battling it out in the primaries, Hillary got a call from President Obama to serve—and she answered.

The world is a better place because Hillary was Secretary of State. Here’s why:  
Patients who rely on prescription drugs should not have their health and lives put at risk because of price gouging.

"I don't think I have ever met someone more prepared to be president." — Albright

Carly Fiorina challenged Democrats to name an accomplishment of Hillary’s. Senator  accepted: 
Hillary has what it takes to lead America. Watch the new video on her accomplishments as Secretary of State:

Hillary's mission as president: raise incomes for hardworking middle-class families.

"What part of democracy are all these candidates afraid of?" Read why Hillary is fighting to protect voting rights. 
“In 2016, the Latino community is going to play a critical role in electing our next president.” -Julián Castro

Over four decades, Hillary has taken on her share of tough fights—here are a few of her biggest accomplishments. 

Attempting to deny citizenship to immigrants' children born here is wrong—and undermines who we are as a country.  
As President, Hillary will take on the epidemic of gun violence—with or without Congress’s help. 
What needs to change on Wall Street, according to the “Economikes.” 
We can’t ignore America’s racial inequities. 
If you’re a progressive who believes in getting things done, sign up for your free sticker!  
Strong step forward by  We shouldn't put a national treasure like the Arctic at risk. 
As usual,  is right: We need to strengthen America's leadership—not go backwards. #GrandmothersKnowBest  
On Oct. 16, 1916, Planned Parenthood opened their first health center and changed life for women in America. Here's to the next 99 years. 
Yesterday in San Antonio, three-time mayor of San Antonio Julián Castro announced his support for Hillary. 
Transgender people deserve respect, safety, and equal treatment everywhere. Good move by  
Brava, Jennifer. It's hard to speak up against inequity and risk being unpopular—but equal pay matters for us all. 
¿Sabías que Hillary Clinton trabajó destripando pescados? 
The number of American lives lost to gun violence is more than three times the rate as the next developed country. 
Me gusta ser "La Hillary," pero también soy "Tu Hillary." #LatinosforHillary
¡Gracias,  por tu apoyo! #LatinosforHillary
No puede ser que las latinas ganen en promedio 55 centavos por cada dólar que gana un hombre blanco. #LatinaEqualPay
Ever had to tell a prime minister about your bad hair day?

#LatinaEqualPay Day represents the day Latinas catch up to white men's earnings from last year. It's October. We need equal pay for all.
Women still make less than men, with women of color facing an even bigger gap. This isn't just holding women back—it's holding America back.
We should be doing everything we can to get young people more engaged in our democracy, not putting up obstacles. 
To everyone who's ever been bullied for being who you are: You're perfect, and I'm proud of you. #SpiritDay 
It's time to stand up to the NRA. We have to #KeepShoutingOnGuns until our families are safe from gun violence.

"Yo estoy contigo. That's a promise." —Hillary #LatinosForHillary
"I've been told by some to quit shouting about this. Well, I'll tell you: I will not be silenced...I will keep taking on the NRA." —Hillary
"It is both heartbreaking and infuriating that we lose an average of 90 Americans every day because of guns." —Hillary
“I'm running for president to protect our families and communities from the plague of gun violence.” —Hillary
"I will fight any effort, anywhere, to disenfranchise any American." —Hillary in San Antonio #LatinosForHillary
"Every American deserves access to quality, affordable health care—even new Americans." —Hillary #LatinosforHillary
Watch live: Hillary speaks at a Latinos for Hillary event in San Antonio, Texas → 
"I salute the Black Lives movement for raising this issue to the high priority it is."—Hillary on race and criminal justice reform at #USHCC
"We cannot grow the economy unless we end the unequal pay that women in the workplace are still suffering under." —Hillary at #USHCC
"Comprehensive immigration reform where we bring people out of the shadows will be good for our economy." —Hillary
"Immigration is good for America. Immigration built our country." —Hillary at 
Watch live: Hillary speaks at  Don't miss this → 
Hillary's been a fighter for LGBT equality for years—and she's just getting warmed up. Read her fiercest quotes: 
Go behind the scenes with Hillary at the #DemDebate:  
She has a point: The economy does do better with a Democrat in the White House.

The feeling when a GOP candidate says it's acceptable to be fired for being gay.  
Last night, Hillary was the only candidate to confront GOP attacks on Planned Parenthood. 
Your fights are Hillary's fights. 
No senior should have to choose between paying their Medicare premium and buying groceries.  
We can protect the Second Amendment while also protecting our families and communities from gun violence. 
"I can't think of anything more outsider than electing the first woman president." —Hillary #DemDebate

Last night, Hillary showed that she has the vision, the plans, and the determination to move this country forward.

“Finally, fathers will be able to say to their daughters: you too can grow up to be president.” #DemDebate

A highlight of #DemDebate: Hillary stands up against Republican attacks on women's rights. #ImWithHer

RT this if you’re proud to stand with Hillary. #ImWithHer #DemDebate 
Are you with Hillary? Let her know:  #DemDebate #ImWithHer 
We cannot go back to the failed policies of the past. We will not go back. America's best days are still ahead. #DemDebate
"In this debate, we tried to deal with the very tough issues facing our country—in stark contrast to the Republicans." illary #DemDebate
Hillary ha luchado toda su vida por los derechos de las mujeres y no va a parar ahora. #DemDebate
Hillary has fought for women her whole life—and she's just getting started. #ImWithHer #DemDebate 
Hillary on the enemies she's proud to have made: "The NRA, health insurance companies, drug companies, the Iranians...and the Republicans."
We cannot afford to have a Republican succeed Barack Obama as President of the United States. #DemDebate
Attacks on Planned Parenthood are attacks on women's health and rights. We can't let them take us backwards. 
For too long, issues affecting women—from reproductive rights to paid leave—have been dismissed as "women's issues." Those days are over.
No politician should interfere with a woman's personal medical decisions. Full stop. #DemDebate #ImWithHer
No matter what  says, paid family leave is good for women, good for families, and good for America. #DemDebate
Equal pay, paid leave, childcare: These aren't just "women's issues," they're family issues and economic growth issues. #DemDebate
Climate change is real, and threatens us all. We need to act. 
#ImWithHer ⬇️ 
"I can't think of anything more outsider than being the first woman president." illary #DemDebate
It's time the entire country stood up against the NRA.  #DemDebate
We need to find the right balance between civil liberties and national security. #DemDebate
There is no place in America for second-class citizenship. #DemDebate 
While the GOP focuses on villifying immigrants, Hillary will fight to protect DACA/DAPA and pass comprehensive immigration reform.
We can't wait any longer for comprehensive immigration reform.
Hillary va a mantener a las familias unidas. Expandirá DACA y DAPA, las órdenes ejecutivas, porque es lo correcto.
Los altos costos asociados con la universidad no deberían de ser un obstáculo para todos los que quieren estudiar.
No student should have to borrow money to pay tuition at a public college. 
We need to make college more affordable. 
No one is too big to jail–even on Wall Street. #DemDebate
We need to enforce regulations to make sure that middle class families never have to bail out Wall Street again.
Subir los salarios y apoyar a la clase media es una de las prioridades más importantes para el país.
The defining economic challenge of our time is raising incomes for working Americans. 
Racial inequality is not merely a symptom of economic inequality.
We can't move forward until we tackle racial inequality that still exists—from economic opportunity to education to community safety.
We cannot keep imprisoning more people than anyone else in the world. #DemDebate
"We need to tackle mass incarceration." illary #DemDebate
"[Benghazi] committee is basically an arm of the RNC—I intend to keep talking about the issues that matter to the American people." illary
Hillary is a progressive who gets things done. #DemDebate

Hillary has the experience we need to navigate a dangerous world and keep us safe as our next commander-in-chief. 
“President Obama asked me to be his Secretary of State. He valued my judgment." illary #DemDebate
We can't allow guns to fall into the hands of domestic abusers, violent criminals, and the seriously mentally ill. 
When it comes to gun violence, we cannot give up. We can't sit by while more good people die. We have to act. 
Gun dealers and manufacturers who endanger Americans should be held accountable. #DemDebate 
Las matanzas no pueden continuar, tenemos un problema con las armas y Hillary va a hacer todo lo posible para solucionarlo.
Gun ownership is part of the fabric of many law-abiding communities—but too many families in America have suffered from gun violence.
We can protect the Second Amendment while also protecting our families and communities from gun violence. #DemDebate
"This has gone on too long, and it's time that the entire country stood up against the NRA." illary on gun violence #DemDebate
We can't wait any longer to act on gun violence prevention. #DemDebate

"I'm a progressive, but I'm a progressive who gets things done." illary #DemDebate
"I've spent my entire adult life looking for ways to even the odds...to allow each child to live up to its potential." illary #DemDebate
¡El debate entre los candidatos demócratas a la presidencia está por empezar! Véanlo aquí → 
Let's do this. #DemDebate 
Hillary doesn’t give up and she'll never quit fighting for families—but she needs your help: 

One third of black men born today face the prospect of incarceration in their lifetimes. We can do better. 
Hillary takes the stage for the first #DemDebate tonight. Join the conversation—follow these #Hillary2016 staff: 
. Glad you'll be watching. It's going to be "huge."
Happy birthday,  Proud of the generations of brave sailors serving our country and the families who love them. #240NavyBday
Today we celebrate Dolores Huerta—teacher, organizer, activist—for her civic leadership and trailblazing spirit. 
Hillary talks sexism in the workplace with    
Hillary's been debating important issues since high school. Let her know you’re on her team:  
“One of the merits is I am a woman.” 
Thoughts and prayers aren’t enough—we must act to protect families from gun violence. 
“As a woman...you’re expected to be both strong and vulnerable at the same time. That’s not easy to do.” illary 
. “It’s Hillary time.” 

We’re not going to “get over it,”  we’re going to protect Social Security for the next generation. 
Sending support to Tamir Rice's loved ones. Too many black families are mourning the loss of a child. We need to change that reality. 
"We need their voices, we need their activism." Hillary on the Black Lives Matter movement on  
When Hillary’s mother Dorothy needed a champion, someone was there. Today, Hillary’s fighting for all the Dorothys.

Honored to have Congressman  support. 
“I’ve told  that he might want to wait.” Hillary to  to the full interview tonight. 
Just 30% of girls around the world are enrolled in secondary school. Together, we can change that:  #DayoftheGirl
"You will surprise yourself with what you’re capable of and the incredible things you [do]." #NationalComingOutDay

40 years ago, I married the cute guy from the library. Happy anniversary,  still got it!  
On #NationalComingOutDay, we remember that our work isn’t done until everyone can be who they are and is treated with dignity.
The Republicans are spending millions to try and stop her, but Hillary will never quit fighting for you.

Make history and help shatter one of the highest glass ceilings. Apply to be a Hillary for America intern today: 
Thank you,  Every state should follow your lead and make it easier to vote.

. coming to Iowa to support Hillary! RSVP for the Des Moines rally here:  
This #WorldMentalHealthDay, let's commit to ending stigma and making sure those who seek treatment are supported and taken seriously.
Volunteers serenaded Hillary with "Lean on Me" to let her know she has friends in the Granite State.

We can protect the Second Amendment while also protecting our families and communities from gun violence. 
. is right, we can’t give up. It’s time to act on gun violence. 
Last week, Hillary joined  on stage at his concert in Miami. Thanks for the warm welcome, Marc!

¡Gracias  por apoyar a Hillary Clinton! Para escuchar el mensaje de Dolores, envía HUERTA al 47246.
Racism is America's original sin. To those I met with today, thank you for sharing your ideas.  
Ever sent a kid to college? Hillary talks about how she and Bill handled dropping Chelsea off the first time:

Thank you,  
If you work on Wall Street and commit a crime, you deserve to go to jail.  
An important question from a young man: “Can you fix the prison problems?”

Hillary sólo tiene una palabra para los Republicanos que insultan a los latinos: ¡Basta! #CHCI 
Hillary at #CHCI to Republican candidates: Basta. Enough. 
. Stop taking advantage of responsible gun owners who want commonsense reform—including many of your own members.
My plan for Wall Street: Hold individuals and corporations accountable. Make tough rules and enforce them.  
We need to enforce regulations on Wall Street to make sure that the 2008 crisis never happens again. 
Jeb should stop attacking voting rights and explain what about citizens exercising their right to vote scares him. 
How about this  for speaker instead? 
We need to make sure there’s accountability on Wall Street so there can be prosperity on Main Street.
Hillary on standing up to the NRA: “We can’t just say, OK, nothing we can do about it...We have got to fight back.”

"You were great on Saturday Night Live...so, can you do for us the Donald Trump impression?"

Pres. Obama's student aid bill of rights is critical given ongoing predatory practices by student loan servicers.  
It’s time to end discrimination against LGBT Americans once and for all. 
Stop the delay, price gouging, and profiting off of others' illnesses. Tell  to drop the price now.  
Hillary's statement on the Trans-Pacific Partnership: 
Diversity is a source of strength and should be celebrated—not denigrated. Proud to launch Latinos for Hillary. 
"An act of high political courage."  on Hillary's gun violence prevention plan. 
Republicans say they don’t think Hillary has accomplished anything—so she sent them a gift.  
Sorry about the mean tweets you’ve been getting,  there! 
Add your name if you think it’s time to take action on gun violence:  
We need comprehensive immigration reform with a real path to full citizenship. There is no place in America for second-class citizenship.
Thank you,  
We must act to stop gun violence, and we cannot wait any longer. 
Hillary’s commonsense steps will help reduce gun violence and save lives, say  and  
Watch Hillary talk about the best advice her mom ever gave her.

Being a good parent has nothing to do with sexual orientation or gender identity. 
As Republicans spend millions of taxpayer dollars fighting Hillary, she does what she's always done: fight for you.

“It's time for us to say, we're better than this." Hillary's plan to prevent gun violence:  
Protecting communities should be our number one priority—not the interests of the NRA. 
🎵Voy a reir, voy a bailar... 🎵Lanzando Latinos por Hillary con  
Nicole Hockley—mother of Sandy Hook victim Dylan and founder of  Hillary's gun violence town hall.

We must act to stop gun violence, and we cannot wait any longer. 
We cannot sit by while more people die. 
When it comes to preventing gun violence, we cannot give up. 
It’s time to act on gun violence. 
If Congress refuses to act to end this epidemic of gun violence, I'll take administrative action to do so. 
As president, I'll push to close background check loopholes like the "Charleston loophole" that let the shooter get a gun. 
It's time to act on gun violence. We simply cannot accept as normal 33,000 gun deaths a year. 
"It’s time for us to say, wait a minute. We’re better than this. Our country is better than this." —Hillary on gun violence
Watch live: Hillary unveils her gun violence prevention policy in New Hampshire → 
Hillary believes it’s time to act on gun violence. Read her plan here: 
Tune in to  for Hillary’s live town hall with  starting at 7:30 AM ET. #HillaryTODAY
In this week's Facebook Q&amp;A, Hillary took on Jeb’s claim that Democrats use "free stuff" to appeal to minorities. 
With the dangerous weather hitting South Carolina, please stay safe first and foremost. Take care,  and all affected. 
LGBT rights are human rights and human rights are LGBT rights -- period. 
Hillary finally gets to meet the mischievous, trash-eating puppy from the campaign launch video, “Getting Started.” 
We can’t wait any longer to act on gun violence prevention. 
"Let us then tap our fists in friendship." 
A vote for Hillary is a vote for four more years of Kate McKinnon's impression. #citizens 
“Congress must pass the Federal Equality Act.” Read Hillary’s remarks to the  
Hillary on the epidemic of gun violence. 
Grateful to have  on Team Hillary. Educators are the frontline fighters building a stronger America. 
"Congress must pass the Federal Equality Act [to] finally outlaw discrimination against LGBT people basically everywhere." illary
"It’s outrageous that, in 2015, you can still be fired for being gay...this kind of discrimination goes against everything we stand for."
"As President, I will push to cut off federal funding for any public child welfare agency that discriminates against LGBT people." illary
"Eleven states ban same-sex couples and LGBT individuals from adopting....one of the cruelest vestiges of anti-gay bigotry." illary
"We need to say with one voice that transgender people are valued, they are loved, they are us" illary at  today
La riqueza de la comunidad latina es su gran diversidad. Estamos orgullosos de lanzar Latinos por Hillary. 
Hillary finally gets to meet the mischievous, trash-eating puppy from the campaign launch video, “Getting Started.”

Today the Immigration and Nationality Act turns 50. It was a first step towards making our system fair, but our work remains unfinished.
¡Bienvenido a Latinos por Hillary,  Para también unirte textea LATINOS a 47246. 
Join Hillary and  Text LATINOS to 47246 to be part of Latinos for Hillary! 
"I am well aware that this is a political mountain to climb....I will, as your president, never relent on trying to work on this." illary
"Republicans keep refusing to do anything to protect our communities. They put the NRA ahead of American families. It is wrong." illary
"We don't just need to pray...We need to act...Republicans and the NRA say, now is not the time to talk about guns. Yes, it is." illary
"What is wrong with us that we can't stand up to the NRA and the gun lobby and the gun manufacturers they represent?" illary
Thanks to #KnowTomorrow student activists, we're better prepared than ever to face the climate challenge. 
Yet another reason we need to restore key protections of the Voting Rights Act. We're better than this.  
Proud to have  on Team Hillary. 
Another devastating shooting. We need sensible gun control measures to save lives, and I will do everything I can to achieve that. 
Raising the minimum wage isn’t just a women’s issue -- it’s also a family issue and an economic issue.

The United States is the only country in the developed world without guaranteed paid leave. That has to change. 
In case you were wondering, you should be following hillaryclinton on Snapchat. 👻 
Hillary’s working to earn every vote, but needs your support. Donate by tonight's deadline:  

The  team held a focus group with some of Hillary's littlest supporters. 👭

You shouldn't have to worry about your paycheck or your job when you have a baby or someone in your family gets sick.
“Nobody in America should have to choose between buying the medicine they need and paying their rent.” illary

Did you know Hillary once had a job gutting salmon in Alaska? Read about it in her interview with  
Hillary has a plan to cap covered prescription drug costs at $250 per month:  
In school, I learned how to think creatively and stand up for myself. #62MillionGirls don't have that chance.  
#PinkOut for  because they provide quality, affordable health care to those who need it most. #StandWithPP 
For nearly 100 yrs, Planned Parenthood has stood up to political attacks on women's health while providing care. GOP: You're outmatched. 
Health care, college affordability, and pumpkin spice lattes—read everything you missed from Hillary’s Facebook Q&amp;A: 
Excited to be part of  first issue! Read Hillary's interview with   
When Republicans attack Planned Parenthood, they’re attacking women’s health. Proud to #StandWithPP—and always will.

El Papa Francisco tiene razón. Todos los países...tienen la responsabilidad de prevenir el cambio climático. 
During a Facebook Q&amp;A, Hillary responded to Jeb's claim that Democrats appeal to African Americans with "free stuff": 
Wishing all Korean Americans and their families a safe and happy Chuseok!
. has found water on Mars. There is no limit to what we can discover when we explore, ask questions, and listen to science.
Hillary’s hosting a Facebook Q&amp;A this afternoon! Leave your question here:  
Families are working harder than ever, but paychecks have barely budged. That needs to change.

Powerful to see  sit with federal prisoners for this important conversation. It's time to end mass incarceration. #VICEonHBO
Women’s rights are human rights, period. Join Women for Hillary today.

. and  stopped by HQ: 
You should not have to be the grandchild of a former president to know that you can make it in America.

Hillary on her vision for the country: 
Hillary is on  this morning, check your local listings and tune in. 
Xi hosting a meeting on women's rights at the UN while persecuting feminists? Shameless. #Freethe20  
If the medicine you need costs less in Canada, you should be able to buy it from Canada—or any country that meets our safety standards.
. la Directora de Asuntos Latinos de #Hillary2016, comparte su historia inspiradora: 
America’s diversity is what makes us great. The GOP apparently doesn’t see it that way: 
Grateful to  for long and distinguished service to our nation. It was an honor to work with him to keep our country safe. 
"A feminist is by definition someone who believes in equal rights." —Hillary  
. activist, #Hillary2016 Latino Outreach Director—shares her story of overcoming obstacles: 
Top CEOs earn 300 times more than a typical American worker. That’s wrong. It’s time for Americans to get a raise.
Making friends in Des Moines, Iowa. 
Mikaylah had to write a sentence using the word “can” for homework. A+. (via Instagram/edenrmz) 
Today in 1981, Sandra Day O’Connor became the first woman appointed to the Supreme Court. 
Hillary on  climate message: "There’s no time to waste. We have to act now. Pope Francis is right." 
You don’t have to be a scientist to take on climate change—you just have to be willing to act.

For every daughter who dreams that someday, she’ll be president—join #WomenforHillary: 

Wishing a blessed Eid to those celebrating Eid Al-Adha. My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragedy in Mecca today. 
The official soundtrack for shattering glass ceilings, by #WomenforHillary on   
Gracias,  Tenemos que cuidar el medio ambiente, crear oportunidades económicas y defender los derechos y la dignidad de todos.
Hillary believes that what’s good for women is good for America.  
The Senate was right to block a resolution that would defund Planned Parenthood. Now, stop these attacks—and don't shut down the government.
This is our country, and we won’t stay trapped beneath glass. Join #WomenforHillary: 

Thank you,  We have much to do to care for our planet, strengthen economic opportunity, and defend the rights &amp; dignity of all. 
"A feminist is by definition someone who believes in equal rights." —Hillary to Lena Dunham:  
. "Do you consider yourself a feminist?"
Hillary: "Yes. Absolutely."  
It’s not enough to condemn campus sexual assault. We need to end it. 
We must renew the basic bargain of America: If you work hard and you do your part, you should be able to get ahead and stay ahead.
☝️ No, really—read Hillary’s comprehensive plan for lowering health care costs for working families: 
Lower health care costs means families should see savings, not insurance companies. Hillary's plan addresses this. 
Hillary opposes the Keystone pipeline. Read why:  
Why Hillary opposes the Keystone pipeline:  
Diversity is a strength, not a weakness. The GOP disagrees: 
"Baseball is 90% mental—the other half is physical." Yogi gave everything at least 140%. We'll miss him. My prayers are with his family. 
Hillary is joining Tom Joyner on the  Tune in → 
Good that Turing will lower an essential drug's price. Hillary's plan would prevent price gouging in the first place: 
Time to invest in a clean energy future—not build a pipeline to carry our continent's dirtiest fuel across the US. I oppose Keystone XL. 
Good. 
 Let's meet; we want to hear from anyone ready to address this urgent problem and work toward solutions. Our team will follow up.
Wishing an easy fast for all those observing Yom Kippur.
Hillary's prescription plan would cap out-of-pocket costs at $250 per month. What would you do with your savings? 
"If we’re serious about raising people’s incomes, we have to bring down out-of-pocket costs." —Hillary
"If the medicine you need costs less in Canada, you should be able to buy it from Canada—or any country that meets our safety standards."
"Under my plan, I’ll cap out-of-pocket drug costs for families. You won’t have to pay more than $250/month for covered medications."—Hillary
Hillary’s prescription drug reform plan: "I want to both protect consumers and promote innovation—while putting an end to profiteering."
The uninsured rate is the lowest in decades, but prescription costs, out-of-pocket costs, and premiums are growing. We need to do better.
Hillary on her plan to stop drug companies' price gouging, boost innovation, and keep money in families' pockets → 
Outrageous. When companies put profits ahead of safety and the environment, there should be consequences. 
The best way to celebrate National Voter Registration Day: Register to vote! →  #CelebrateNVRD
We need labor law reform. The #WAGEAct would protect workers' rights, now Congress should pass it. 
David Axelrod, former Senior Advisor to President Obama, on Hillary’s greatest accomplishments. 

Every child deserves the opportunity to succeed, no matter who their parents are or where they’re from.

Couldn't agree more,  Welcome to Twitter! 
Hillary on what the attacks against Planned Parenthood are really about:

HBCUs serve some of our brightest students and are a bridge to equal opportunity. Proud to support them this #HBCUweek and year round. 
At the #Emmys,  became the first black woman to win Outstanding Lead Actress in a drama. Bravo, Viola! 
Can a Muslim be President of the United States of America? In a word: Yes. Now let's move on.  
Price gouging like this in the specialty drug market is outrageous. Tomorrow I'll lay out a plan to take it on.  
Hillary’s work “was an important part of the reason their lives were better.” 
"These are our moms and our dads.” Keith from New Hampshire thanks Hillary for speaking up for caregivers:

A moving moment backstage: "I'm taking care of my mom, she has Alzheimer's...thank you for speaking up for that."

On September 20, 1973, tennis star  defeated Bobby Riggs in a match titled “The Battle of the Sexes.” 
Hillary: A champion for women’s rights. 
Where are we on gefilte fish? Hillary talks emails with 

Carly Fiorina challenged Democrats to name an accomplishment of Hillary’s.  accepted: 
Keith from NH works part-time so he can care for his mom. He shared his story with Hillary:  
"I cannot imagine anyone being more of an outsider than the first woman president."

"I believe in America, we should have each other’s backs." Watch Hillary at #nhdems2016:

. is right: When we ensure black women and girls have the opportunity to live up to their God-given potential, America gets ahead. 
What Every 20-Something Should Know About Hillary Clinton:  via 
It's indisputable that having a Democrat in the White House is good for our economy.
Senator Chuck Schumer: Hillary helped “restore the shattered credibility of the United States.” 
The hair’s real; the color’s not. Hillary’s impression of Donald Trump on 

Cheers to you,  Happy birthday! 🍷 
Proud to have the support of New Hampshire’s great governor,  #603forHRC 
Post-speech dance break at the New Hampshire Democratic Party State Convention. (via  #603forHRC 
“If you want a president who will listen to you, work her heart out to make your life better—then you’re lookin’ at her."—Hillary #603forHRC
. on Hillary’s greatest accomplishments, from Iranian sanctions to women’s rights around the world. 
A proud step forward. 
“That is what I intend to do.” 
. former Senior Advisor to President Obama, on Hillary’s greatest accomplishments. 
On selfies, gefilte fish, and of course, Donald Trump, with  
Otro producto del Partido de Trump— Hablar sobre los latinos no solo quiere decir hablar de propinas. 
Cutting off Americans from lifesaving health care at Planned Parenthood is wrong. #standwithPP 
The House voting to defund Planned Parenthood is an attack on women's health—nothing more, nothing less. Republicans should be ashamed.
“Any woman who reports an assault should be heard and believed." —Hillary to  Read the interview: 
What is Hillary's greatest accomplishment? Here's a list from 20 top American leaders and strategists: 
Donald Trump not denouncing false statements about POTUS &amp; hateful rhetoric about Muslims is disturbing, &amp; just plain wrong. Cut it out. 
Love this idea,  If you were president, what’s the first thing you would do? #SmartGirlsAsk 
The  report shows we have more work to do to end violence against women in South Carolina and every state. 
Hillary to  Shutting down our government over a partisan attack on Planned Parenthood is just wrong.

"Don’t attack women’s health care. And don’t shut down the government." Hillary's message to Republicans: 
Well said,  
Trump: "Are you writing all this down?"

Hillary: "Let me grab my pen..."

Heading to New Hampshire and just read that there's an emu on the loose! Seems like a story with legs.  
👆
#GOPdebate 
No, they’re not talking about the GOP debate. Catch Hillary on  next! 
For a bunch of people who don't believe in acting on climate change, the Republican candidates seem committed to recycling ideas. #GOPdebate
You don’t have to be a scientist to know that climate change is an urgent challenge that threatens us all. We need to act.
We need commonsense reforms that keep weapons out of the hands of criminals and the violently unstable and respect responsible gun owners.
Tired of the #GOPdebate? 

We asked supporters what they were doing instead. 

Here were some of our favorites: 
Fingers crossed we're getting close to the part when they talk about things they're for—instead of against. #GOPdebate
¿Quieres recibir nuestras reacciones sobre el debate republicano en español por mensajes de texto? Envía DEBATE a 47246.
Still a good time to sign up! 
The defining economic challenge of our time is raising incomes. That's how hardworking Americans will get ahead and stay ahead. #GOPdebate
Los estadounidenses que trabajan duro cada día deberían de poder salir adelante. Nuestro desafío económico es aumentar sus salarios.
The GOP's ideas for the economy are just trickle-down economics in disguise. We need a new plan for the 21st century. #GOPdebate
La libertad incluye el derecho de hablar en cualquier idioma. Eso nos hace fuerte como país y es algo que debemos celebrar—no denigrar.
. should stop complimenting women and start respecting them. #GOPdebate
Hard-working, law-abiding immigrant families deserve a path to earned citizenship—not second-class status. #GOPdebate
La idea de que los Estados Unidos va a deportar 11 millones de personas es absurda—totalmente absurda.
What you’re missing if you’re not getting texts from Hillary. Text “REACT” to 47246 to join the fun. 
Women—not the politicians on stage—should make decisions about their own reproductive health care. Period. #GOPdebate
Marriage equality is the law of the land. Officials don't have to agree—but they do have to uphold the law. #GOPdebate
America and our allies—especially Israel—will be safer if we enforce the nuclear agreement with Iran.
Tearing up the Iran nuclear deal isn't leadership—it's recklessness.
Síganos en  para nuestras reacciones sobre el debate republicano que está por empezar.
"Como Presidenta, siempre estaré con la comunidad latina." Lea la op-ed de Hillary: 
Congress must reauthorize the Zadroga Act. We owe it to 9/11 responders to provide them with the care they need. #renew911health
Today’s the day the Republican presidential candidates meet for the second debate. Follow  for fact-checks and more.
Assumptions and fear don't keep us safe—they hold us back. Ahmed, stay curious and keep building. 
See where Hillary stands on many issues, from college affordability to voting rights expansion: 
We’re having a lot of fun on  You should follow us! 👻hillaryclinton 
Encouraging news. We should make it easier to vote in every state. 
I used to love reading to  and now she's written her own book. I’m so proud. Pick up #ItsYourWorld today! 
While others attack, insult, and denigrate—today we proudly celebrate the beginning of Hispanic Heritage Month. Sí se puede. 
Hillary has been fighting for women and families her entire life. If you're with her, chip in today: 
Events in Ferguson stem from structural inequities. We need to acknowledge and confront them to move forward.  

Hillary to every survivor of sexual assault: You have the right to be heard and believed. We're with you.

Hillary's message to survivors of sexual assault: We're with you.

Tune in to  tonight to catch Hillary talking Trump, social media, and  Sneak preview: 
Unions help keep working families strong. Scott Walker's attacks on unions and workers' rights aren't leadership—they're bullying. 
RT to join Hillary in telling survivors of sexual assault: We're with you. 
"To every survivor of sexual assault...You have the right to be heard. You have the right to be believed. We're with you." —Hillary
“Rape is a crime—wherever it happens.” —Hillary
“It is not enough to condemn campus sexual assault. We need to end campus sexual assault.” —Hillary
Watch live now: Hillary speaks on the fight to ensure every woman in America can fulfill her potential → 
“We can’t stop the world from changing, but we can help to shape those changes." Hillary and the Iran Deal:

"We can lift each other up and leave no one behind." Hillary's remarks at  yesterday: 
It’s time we recognize that we have a drug and alcohol addiction epidemic on our hands—and act to address it. 
Our prisons—where 2/3 inmates meet criteria for substance use disorders—are no substitute for treatment. We must reform our justice system.
Our health care system allows too many people with substance use disorders to go without care. We need to invest in treatment.
23 million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get the treatment they need. 
Drug and alcohol addiction is a disease, not a moral failing—and we must treat it as such.
Leadership is about strength, smart choices, and an unyielding commitment to America’s values.

Happy Grandparents Day!  
L'Shana Tova! To all who celebrate, wishing you a sweet and healthy new year. 
Every woman and family deserves safety from violence. On VAWA's anniversary, we have more to do to prevent violence and support survivors.
We have an obligation not just to our own children and grandchildren, but to every child in America. 
We need to work to make sure that we give every child in America the same opportunities. 
Take it from  
We need to put our elections back in the hands of everyday Americans. 
Every future president needs one. 
At liftoff 23 years ago today,  made history &amp; became the first African American woman to travel in space. 
We lost many brave Americans on September 11, 2001—and in the years since, because of it. Today we mourn and honor them. 
9/11 responders deserve our support for their sacrifice. Congress must reauthorize the Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act. 
Five-year-old Macey tells Hillary about her presidential aspirations backstage at 

Highlight of the week: A sitdown with America’s cutest presidential history expert.

Dance break. 
Thanks,  
Today on   Hillary, a mini Hillary, Ellen, and  Don’t miss it. 
Hillary has always been a fighter for women. Let her know you’re in her corner, too—join Women for Hillary: 
Watch live now: Hillary details her record of fighting for women’s rights → 
Read Hillary’s strategy for tough, smart, &amp; effective leadership on Iran &amp; the Middle East:  
What do  and  recall from Hillary’s #Beijing20 speech? Read the story behind her remarks: 
Hillary’s life wouldn’t have been the same without the guidance of some special teachers.  
. asked: “Is your mother’s voice in your ear?” Watch Hillary's response:

Hillary on Iran: 
"We can’t stop the world from changing, but we can shape the changes...by leading with strength, smarts &amp; commitment to our values."—Hillary
“I will always stand by Israel’s right to defend itself, as I always have.” —Hillary
“As president, I will take whatever actions are necessary to protect the United States and our allies.” —Hillary
"Here’s my message to Iran’s leaders: The United States will never allow you to acquire a nuclear weapon." —Hillary
"Is it perfect? No agreement like this ever is. But is it a strong agreement? Yes. And we absolutely should not turn it down." —Hillary
"I support this deal—as part of a larger strategy toward Iran." —Hillary
Watch live now: Hillary speaks on the Iran Deal → 
A note from Hillary on her email: 
Hillary to  "I should have used two accounts... I’m sorry about that, I take responsibility.”

Had so much fun at  today. Tune in on Thursday! 
This weekend in Iowa, a mom told Hillary: "I’m counting on you to know what it’s like to be a working mother.”

. but seriously, where are we on gefilte fish?
. see you at 30 Rock this afternoon. Pantsuit up!
“That’s going on the mantel—we don’t have one, but we’ll make one.” Scenes from the Women for Hillary launch in NH:

Hillary is committed to overturning Citizens United, the case that helped unleash secret money into U.S. elections. 
Hillary is passionate about overturning Citizens United because she knows firsthand what it’s done to our democracy.

Food craving? Binge-watch show of choice? 6 things you probably didn’t know about Hillary, via 

Now federal contractors can't discriminate against workers who discuss their pay. That's a strong step towards closing the equal pay gap. 
Happy Labor Day, indeed!  is right: everyone deserves to earn seven paid sick days and 12 weeks of paid family leave. 
Safer working conditions, weekends, higher wages, a stronger middle class: all brought to you by the US labor movement. Happy Labor Day! 
Strong support from Senator  
20 years ago, Hillary stood up for women's rights worldwide. What do her words mean to you? Share with  
Food craving? Binge-watch show of choice? 6 things you probably didn’t know about Hillary, via 

Together we can break the highest glass ceiling. Join #WomenForHillary:  
Through prevention, treatment, and criminal justice reform, we can combat this country's addiction epidemic. 
Say you’re on Team #WomenForHillary:  
. in 1995: Hillary spoke "more forcefully on human rights than any American dignitary has on Chinese soil." → 
"I chose Hillary because I know her and I trust her. She is a voice for the voiceless." –  in NH 
When we join together, we can’t be beat. Say you’re on team #WomenForHillary:  
20 years ago today, Hillary stood up for women's rights worldwide. What do her words mean to you? Share with  
Hillary, 20 years ago today: “It is no longer acceptable to discuss women's rights as separate from human rights.”

6 things you might not know about Hillary’s #Beijing20 speech, from conference attendee  
Not everyone wanted Hillary to give her speech on combatting human rights abuses against women in Beijing. Watch:

"Women's rights are human rights.” Make a statement—in 6 different languages—wherever you go:  
Hillary está a punto de hablar en San Juan, Puerto Rico. Véanlo aquí: 
Hillary sat down with  to talk about everything from her emails to her vision for America. Watch:

"When Hillary Clinton cares deeply about something, she is more than willing to be bold and take risks."  #Beijing20
What inspires Hillary about #Beijing20: how women around the world have taken up the call themselves. Watch:

Whatever language you speak, you should feel welcome in America. 
. Can't wait—but please, stop texting "Clinton/DeGeneres" slogan ideas.
Our friends at  are marking the 20th anniversary of Hillary's speech in Beijing. Make yours today! 
Meet "ThxBox"—a personal thank you from Hillary. Get on the waiting list to find out more:  
Marriage equality is the law of the land. Officials should be held to their duty to uphold the law—end of story. 
“I knew we were watching history being made.” What it was like to be there when Hillary stood up for women worldwide: 
"We should be saying that enough is enough.” Read Hillary's plan to address America’s substance use epidemic: 
“Women’s rights are human rights.” Watch Hillary say the words that are as true now as they were in 1995. #Beijing20

Great news that the Iran Deal has enough votes; as POTUS, I would aggressively enforce it and counter Iran’s other malicious activities. 
“Our tribe learned the hard way that one-size-fits-all prevention programs don’t work.”  
"We as a nation need to get over the fiction that willpower is the cure for a brain disease."  
"I rode with Hillary in her car to the conference hall." Watch the story behind Hillary's iconic #Beijing20 speech:

Starting now! Ask policy experts  &amp;  your questions:  
How will Hillary address the substance abuse epidemic? Join  and  for a Q&amp;A today at 12:30 ET: 
“For too long, we have had a quiet epidemic on our hands.” Read Hillary’s plan to address drug and alcohol addiction: 
Reviewing notes on the way to the conference, Hillary knew the #Beijing20 speech would be her most important yet:

Magic hour in Iowa. 🌅 
Why is  on Team Hillary? Her sense of justice, smart policies, and commitment to middle-class workers. 
. for Hillary: "I want her compassion and leadership in the Oval Office.” 
Born September 1, 1933, Ann Richards was the 1st woman governor of TX in her own right—and a fighter for families. 
In 1995, Hillary led the US delegation to the UN Women’s Conference, despite opposition. #Beijing20

20 years ago, Hillary gave her historic speech to the United Nations Women’s Conference. #Beijing20

Retweet if you agree. 
Read Hillary and  op-ed on a bill to stop the revolving door between Wall Street and our government: 
Read Hillary and  new op-ed on a bill that will help restore Americans' trust in government: 
Watch Hillary say: “We have got to do something about gun violence in America—and I will take it on.”

We must expand access to health care &amp; education in rural areas. That’s the key to strong families &amp; strong futures. 

A big question from a small supporter in Iowa: How will Hillary get things done? See her answer:

101-year-old Jerry—born before women had the vote—joined  in Minneapolis yesterday for Hillary’s speech. 
A strong America depends on strong rural communities. Learn more:  
Today, we remember those lost in Katrina &amp; recommit to finishing the work of rebuilding. No city should have to endure what NOLA endured. 
On this anniversary of the March on Washington, we honor those who fought for civil rights. We must commit to continuing the fight today.
"I want to let you know that as your president, I will first and foremost be a champion for our children."—Hillary 
For prosperity to be real and lasting, it has to take root in small towns and rural areas as well as urban ones. 
What Republicans are saying about women may be red meat in a GOP primary—but it's wrong in 21st-century America.

"If calling for equal pay and paid leave and women's health is playing the gender card, well, then, deal me in."—Hillary
Live from the DNC: Hillary is speaking about strengthening the middle class and moving this country forward. Watch → 
Denying women access to health care might be good politics in a Republican primary, but it’s terrible policy in the real world.
May #ErikaPR bring enough rain to end the drought, but cuidado con los vientos. ¡Pensando en ustedes, Puerto Rico! 
"We've got to come to terms with hard truths about guns in America."

Tome el quiz para ver cómo el plan de Hillary te bajaría los costos de la universidad. Textea UNIVERSIDAD a 47246. 
Politics are hard. But when it comes to gun violence, we cannot give up. We cannot sit by while more good people die. We must keep going.
It makes no sense that bipartisan legislation supporting universal background checks failed despite overwhelming support from the public.
A majority of Americans and a majority of gun owners support universal background checks.
We need commonsense reforms to keep weapons out of the hands of criminals, the violently unstable, domestic abusers, and terrorists.
We lose people to gun violence every day. It’s time to come to grips with this.
  Very sweet—hopefully next time! Will brush up on the karaoke.

Hillary is laying out her vision for strengthening the middle class in Cleveland, Ohio. Watch live: 
"We are smart enough—compassionate enough—to figure out how to balance legitimate Second Amendment rights with preventive measures."—Hillary
Equal pay, paid leave, childcare: These aren't just "women's issues," they're family issues and economic issues. #WomensEqualityDay
We need to recognize that quality, affordable childcare is not a luxury–it's a growth strategy. #WomensEqualityDay
No woman should have to go back to work 24 hours after giving birth. #WomensEqualityDay
The United States is the only country in the developed world without guaranteed paid leave. This needs to change. #WomensEqualityDay
Too many women still earn less than men on the job—and women of color often lose out the most. This needs to change. #WomensEqualityDay
95 years ago, Henrietta fought for women's right to vote. Her granddaughter wrote us a letter:  
"A strong America depends on strong rural communities." Read Hillary's plan:  
"We have got to do something about gun violence in America."

Heartbroken and angry. We must act to stop gun violence, and we cannot wait any longer. Praying for the victims' families in Virginia. 
"Hillary Clinton has the right policies to strengthen and expand the middle class."—Former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack 
Before midnight: Last chance to pitch in and have your name added to the new Donor Wall at HQ!→ 
“Hillary Clinton is not new to the fight for middle class families.” —Former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack 
Tome el quiz para ver cómo el plan de Hillary te bajaría los costos de la universidad. Textea UNIVERSIDAD a 47246. 
"AmeriCorps is a...cost-effective solution to some of our nation’s most pressing issues." Hillary wants to expand it: 
Reminder: Jeb isn't the only Republican who wants to defund Planned Parenthood. Hillary's message to all of them:

What does Jeb think cancer screenings, STI tests and treatments, birth control, and prenatal care are?

Jeb is just wrong.

✔️ 2.7 million patients for
✔️ 900K cancer screenings and
✔️ 4.5M STI tests and treatments/year 
How do Jeb Bush and Donald Trump differ on immigration? Spoiler alert: They don't.

Purging 34,000+ voters from Kansas elections is no administrative rule—it's a targeted attack on voting rights. 
¿Pueden adivinar cuál es la diferencia entre Donald Trump y Jeb Bush sobre el tema migratorio? Nosotros no.

Making being a nerd look cool since 1965. Happy #firstdayofschool to everyone starting today! 
College must be affordable to everyone. It's one of the single biggest ways we can raise incomes. 
Not one of the 17 GOP candidates has discussed how they'd address the rising cost of college. Disappointing, but not surprising.
We need to help students who are also parents. When you help parents get an education, you're also helping their children.
Millions of borrowers who already have student debt should be able to refinance it at lower rates.
We must make community colleges tuition-free across America.
No student should have to borrow money to pay tuition at a public college.
It’s never too early to start asking the tough questions. In case you missed it: 
Shop the HFA pop-up shop today at  For a preview of items for sale, visit the online store: 
Thank you to these brave servicemen for risking their lives to prevent a far worse tragedy. 
Need a better understanding of Hillary's use of email as Secretary of State?  is breaking it down now: 
"When you see that you've got CEOs making 300x what the average worker is making, you know the deck is stacked."

. new clothing line celebrates girls being themselves, free from gender stereotypes. Hear, hear! 
Hillary wants to expand  from 75,000 to 250,000 members. See how AmeriCorps changed one volunteer’s life: 
About that email "scandal"—we fact-checked the tweets:

A dad in TX is taking over our Instagram today. See how Hillary's college plan will help him:  
The determination to never quit knows no gender. I'm so proud of these soldiers.   
From a former  official: “Our ridiculous classification rules” are the real problem: 
Add us on Snapchat! 👻 hillaryclinton 
Grab the She’s Got Your Back(pack) and gear up for back to school: 

Se llaman "bebés," "niños," o "ciudadanos." 
Thanks to  Kymora’s back on the court—right where she belongs. #GirlPower 
How about "babies," "children," or "American citizens." 
They may not have Donald’s pizzazz, but the rest of the GOP candidates are singing his tune:

But what about   
They're called babies. 
After all these years, nobody makes me laugh like  Happy birthday!  
. Hillary's a fighter “for those who have dreams.”

Question of the day—“Do you think that when you’re president, you’ll be paid as much as a man?” Hear Hillary answer:

About time. 
The best way to honor women who broke boundaries before us: Keeping it up. See the timeline: 
“Thank you for caring about student parents—I was one 17 years ago!” From one mom (and PhD) to Hillary:

RT if you agree with Hillary. 
16 million Americans have gained health insurance from the Affordable Care Act. We need to protect it—not repeal it.
95 years ago today, women got one step closer to winning the right to vote. Here’s to making history. 
The Arctic is a unique treasure. Given what we know, it's not worth the risk of drilling. 
. is right: We can't afford another President Bush who would take us backward on Iraq and foreign policy. 
Back to school game strong. Shop the new collection:  
Hillary explains why she supports   more:

Thought you’d never ask. Text “GO” to 47246 for updates from the campaign. 
"She has so much compassion and it shows. She's a person, she's a grandmother, she's somebody's mother." 
One of the single biggest ways we can raise incomes is by making college affordable and available to every American.
If you can refinance your mortgage or your car loan, you should be able to refinance your student loan.
If schools load students up with debt for programs that don’t lead to good-paying jobs, they should be accountable, too.
Students should never have to take out a loan to pay for tuition at their state’s public university.
Interning at #Hillary2016 HQ in NYC:
✔️ Free coffee
✔️ Great views
✔️ The chance to make history

Apply today → 
Warming up for Team Hillary: Jason Collins visits campaign HQ.

I am deeply saddened by the passing of Julian Bond. We owe him a debt of gratitude for his fight for equality and justice. 
Take this quiz to see how Hillary will help you afford college or manage your existing debt:  
"I’ve been fighting for families and underdogs my entire life and I’m
not going to stop now."—Hillary in Iowa 
Abrimos la embajada estadounidense en La Habana. Simboliza un paso hacia adelante en la relación entre nuestro país y el pueblo Cubano.
We need to make quality education affordable and available to everyone willing to work for it–without saddling them with decades of debt.
More and more, paying for college is pushing people’s dreams further out of reach–and that’s just wrong.
✔️ Lower interest rates
✔️ Never pay more than you can afford
Hillary’s plan will relieve the burden of student debt: 
Why does Hillary love Snapchat? Watch and learn:

Watch live:  
Devastated by horrific reports of ISIS sex slavery. People of all faiths must unite to condemn &amp; end these crimes.  
To strengthen American families, we need to prevent systemic drug abuse and support those seeking treatment. 
Today is Social Security's 80th birthday. Congrats on reaching what some Republicans think should be the retirement age. 
Last chance! Vote for your favorite design to become the new #Hillary2016 bumper sticker:  
We should make voting easier—not harder. Why is voting important to you? Share your story:  
This was emailed to us with the subject line 'MESSAGE FROM THE TOP OF MT. DEMOCRAT': 
We need to make education affordable and available to every American. Find out how Hillary’s plan will help you: 
Team meeting. 
QUIZ: How will Hillary's plan help you afford college and pay off student loans? Find out→  
Proud mom alert: Love what you wrote about #WorldElephantDay,   
My thoughts and prayers are with President Carter and his family. 
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
(But in all seriousness:  
Courageous words from  We need commonsense gun reform. 
The Affordable Care Act is working. That's why we're going to defend it.  
We can all do our part to make sure every young person has the opportunity to reach her or his full potential. 
Under Hillary's plan, millions could refinance their existing loans and relieve the crushing burden of debt: 
How does your student loan debt make you feel?
Tell us in 3 emojis or less.
“We do have to speak out about it.” Watch Hillary say we need to stand up against cyberbullying:

#Hillary2016 gear + an adorable pup = one amazing family photo. (via andyjameswhite on Instagram) 
What do you think should be the next #Hillary2016 bumper sticker? Vote for your favorite:  
Republicans like Gov. Walker are making it harder to afford college &amp; pay off debt. Hillary says that’s wrong—watch:

“I want every young person in America to know that if you work hard, you can get ahead, and I want America to have your back."—Hillary in NH
Access to higher education should be a right, not a privilege for those who can afford it.  
We need to rein in how much higher education costs . It’s time for a new college compact that makes education available to all. 
Lo que dijo Trump sobre Megyn Kelly es indignante, pero el peor insulto son las políticas de los Republicanos que afectan a la mujer.
Let’s relieve the crushing burden of student debt. Learn more about Hillary’s plan:  
Agree that every student should be able to afford public university tuition without taking out a loan? Add your name: 
Add us on Snapchat!  👻 
. Fixed it for you. 
  Millions of Americans with student debt would benefit from Hillary's plan. Read it here: 
What Trump said about Megyn Kelly is outrageous—but what's really outrageous is Republicans' actual positions on issues that affect women.
This is about ensuring families can get ahead—&amp; having the greatest workforce in the world. Win-win. #MillennialMon 
Everyone needs to step up to make education more affordable. Hillary's plan:  #MillennialMon 
A5 Rising tuition leaves families with a painful choice: pass up on a degree,  or do whatever it takes—even go way into debt. #MillennialMon
Cost won't be a barrier to an education. Debt won't hold you back. Read Hillary's plan:  
Watch live: Hillary is laying out her plan to make college affordable &amp; relieve the crushing burden of student debt → 
Let’s make college affordable, relieve the crushing burden of student debt, and help every family get ahead. Watch:

#Hillary2016 is on Snapchat! Add us:  👻 
From Beijing to Brooklyn (with plenty of stops in between)—follow some of Hillary's memorable moments on  
Voting is “the very essence of the American dream.” Read #MyFirstVote stories on   
A year after Ferguson, there is more we must all do to address systemic racism and ensure every American feels safe in their community. 
Join Hillary's fight to build an America where we don't leave anyone out or anyone behind:  
Hillary's pinning her way across America! Follow her on the campaign trail:  
Rolling back rules for Wall Street won’t help families get ahead.
How to say “Go Hillary!” in Spanish. Cómo decir “Go Hillary!” en español. 
Read more #MyFirstVote stories and share your own:  
4,000,000 followers. Wow! Thanks for joining us—#TeamHillary wouldn’t be the same without you. 
Hillary's fighting for immigration reform that keeps families together. Read the Facebook Q&amp;A:  
We need to make sure there’s accountability on Wall Street so there can be prosperity on Main Street.
America's strength lies in families &amp; communities. Sign up to support Hillary's plan for a fairness &amp; growth economy: 
"Everything is going to change now." Read more #MyFirstVote stories on  &amp; add your own:  
Missing Jon Stewart already. #GOPdebate #JonVoyage 
RT if you're prouder than ever to be on Team Hillary. 
Watch the #GOPdebate? Bet you feel like donating to a Democrat right about now.  
Hillary Clinton sabe que la economía favorece a aquellos con más recursos. La agenda Republicana solo empeoraría el problema.
If GOP attacks on  feel like an assault on women's health, it's because they are.  
No one should be discriminated against because of who they love. 
It's past time for politicians to respect women's right to make their own health decisions. 
We should change how we think about business. 
Share this if you're proud to support a candidate who's fighting for everyday Americans. 
Access to health care should be a right—not a privilege for those who can afford it. 
Watching the #GOPdebate? Follow  for fact checks and more. 
Fixing our immigration system will strengthen families, our economy, and our country.  
Hillary is proud to #StandWithPP. RT if you are too. 
Follow  for real-time fact checks on the #GOPdebate—starting now. 
“Republicans are systematically...trying to stop millions of American citizens from voting. What part of democracy are they afraid of?”—HRC
Add your name if you agree with Hillary: We should make voting easier, not harder →  
Watching the #GOPdebate tonight? Follow  for fact checks and more.
On #VRA50, we still have much more work to do to protect the right to vote.

On the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, read #MyFirstVote stories from Americans across the country: 
50 years after the Voting Rights Act, we can't let anyone undermine America's promise: Everyone's voice and vote count. #VRA50 
Hemos tenido muchos abuelos en  pero nunca hemos tenido una abuela. —Hillary en  
Good that the appellate court saw the Texas voter ID law for what it is—an assault on the right to vote. 
Tomorrow is the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act—what does the right to vote mean to you? Share your story with #VRA50.
“I'm tired of women being shamed and blamed and dismissed…When you attack women's health, you attack America's health.”—Hillary yesterday
No parent should have to choose between getting a paycheck and caring for their baby. Well done,  
"We’ve had a lot of grandfathers in the White House, but we haven’t had a grandmother." —Hillary at  
The Voting Rights Act turns 50 this week. When did you cast your first ballot &amp; what did it mean to you? Share your story with #MyFirstVote.
To a dear friend, a great boss, and my second favorite president: Happy birthday   
. You are absolutely, unequivocally wrong. 
"If we want a competitive future for our kids, they have to be better prepared when they walk into kindergarten."—Hillary
Hillary's spent her entire life standing up for kids &amp; families. Watch one of our first TV ads of the 2016 campaign:

Vean los mejores momentos del discurso de Hillary sobre Cuba que pueden compartir por  → 
Hillary stands with Planned Parenthood. Add your name if you do, too:  #standwithPP 
2.7 million Americans turn to Planned Parenthood every year for health care. Proud to #standwithPP. 
. is right—we can't wait for another generation to tackle climate change. Our future depends on what we do today &amp; in the next decade.
Republicans are trying to cut millions off from health care. Hillary has a message for them. #standwithPP

Their names are emblazoned on our hearts.

Decades of fighting for everyday Americans in just 1 board. Follow some of Hillary's memorable moments on  
Our first TV ad of the 2016 campaign: Watch Hillary tell the story of her mom, Dorothy.

Are you on Team Hillary? Chip in $1 to support this campaign, and get your official limited-edition supporter card: 
Three cheers for all the athletes who competed at the  this week—your spirit and determination inspire us all! #LA2015

"We can't go on like this. We are better than this. Things must change." Hillary at 

Become a card-carrying member of Team Hillary! Chip in $1 &amp; get your official supporter card:  
Fighting to dismantle voting rights, health care, and living wages? That doesn't sound like the right to rise.

"Lifting the embargo doesn't set back the advance of freedom. It advances freedom."—Hillary on Cuba 
Voting rights, equal pay, immigration reform, LGBT equality—see more of What We're Fighting For on Pinterest: 
Yesterday, Hillary spoke at  on systemic racial inequality in America—and how we can help fix it: 
A photo we had to share:  Alumnae Ultimate team (named for Hillary!) plays in extra-appropriate uniforms. 
Check out Hillary's ideas for a stronger, more prosperous relationship with Cuba and the Americas: 
 You've got it backwards: Engagement is a threat to the Castros, not a gift. Embargo hasn’t worked for 50+ years. 
On Sunday, Sara took over our account for #ADA25—her story inspired  to share more #DisabilityStories: 
"We can't go back to cowboy diplomacy and reckless war-mongering...We need a foreign policy for the future."—Hillary
"The United States needs to lead in the Americas. And if we don't, make no mistake—others will."
Closer ties across Latin America will help our economy at home, and strengthen our influence around the world. 
Republican candidates have it backwards on the Cuba embargo. 
"The Cuba embargo needs to go, once and for all."—Hillary in Miami
"I understand the skepticism...But you've been promised progress for 50 years. We can't wait any longer for a failed policy to bear fruit."
"We must decide between engagement and embargo—between embracing fresh thinking and returning to Cold War deadlock."—Hillary
En vivo desde Miami: Hillary pide el levantamiento del embargo a Cuba →  
We need to look to the future—not stay stuck in the past. Watch Hillary speak on Cuba:  
These names are emblazoned on our hearts. 
"The opportunity gap that America is facing is not just about economic inequality. It's about racial inequality."—Hillary at 
"Race still plays a significant role in determining who gets ahead in America and who gets left behind." —Hillary today at 
Watch live as Hillary speaks to  in Fort Lauderdale, Florida:  #SaveOurCities
Proud to stand w/Planned Parenthood &amp; for access to quality, affordable healthcare for women, men &amp; young people.  
Medicare and Medicaid stories: Celebrating 50 years of lives saved.  #KeepingUSHealthy 
Education, equality, and black coffee (sometimes). Read what Hillary's all about in   
Medicare and Medicaid have saved lives for half a century. An attack on them is an attack on seniors and vulnerable Americans. 
Are you on Team Hillary? Chip in $1, and get your official limited-edition supporter card:  
Don't miss the most important updates from Hillary &amp; the campaign. Confirm you're on the official #Hillary2016 list: 
Rising fifth grader Emily had a big question for Hillary in New Hampshire:

No podemos negar el cambio climático.  
"If equal pay for equal work is playing the 'gender card,' then deal me in."—Hillary yesterday in NH
We must take action on climate change. 
As part of her plan to meet the climate challenge &amp; make the US a clean energy superpower, Hillary's setting 2 goals

She gets it.  
"I want little girls everywhere to grow up knowing they can do anything—even play football." Brava, Coach  
Fighting #climatechange is critical to protecting our environment, powering our economy &amp; safeguarding our country. 
Follow along at #ChatClimate as  chats with local activists on Hillary's clean energy goals: 
The winds of change are blowing in. Grab the Green Tee to support Hillary's climate agenda:  
Hillary just unveiled the first steps of her broad #climatechange agenda. Here is #2: 
