  people are for you #Trump2016 keep up the good work and we will win this and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
 WOW! The More Opponents Push The Higher The #Trump2016 Reach! Keep Pushing DEMS And Jealous GOPs! 
Can u believe that Jeb Bush’s campaign manager is in Berlin, Germany looking for money? What’s he giving to Germany? 
   I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrat's debate is because of 
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office) 
. was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Traveler’s prestigious Reader’s Choice Awards
  
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
 Rasmussen:  now beats  38%-36% nationally  
I will be interviewed on  Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.  will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!
. at 7:00 A.M.
    Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan
 Donald Trump still dominating all polls, debate, cable news, gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his, he rarely loses!
  You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. I'm happy this was discussed.
 I have never loved a candidate as much as I love  I can't wait for him to make America great again! Nice!
   well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again.
     There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz he's the real thing, not a politician
  first time I can ever vote and you've got mine! I want to make America great again!!!  FANTASTIC!
 We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington,  Iowa tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  See you there!
 The establishment can try all they want to keep  from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!
  Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!
 Your opponents have no idea what they're dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius. #artofwar
. you were GREAT on  tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on  Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
   Trump is the only candidate that I've ever been excited about #SomethingSpecialIsHappening
   Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!
. at 10:00.
 Our new President will provide something we've never had before. #TRUTH even if it hurts. #Trump 
  #Trump2016 #Trump hits his highest poll number yet; #Carson, #Rubio make small gains 
    Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump  I love the VETS.
.  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
    no magic just cut off USA aid money to Mex until cost is recovered.Simple really
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H.  
Lots of great new polls--big leads!  
   
  
   
  
I will be on  tonight at 10 PM  #Hannity
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
 Many Hispanics agree with  on enforcing the border Trump for President 
 Since late July 2015, DJT consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the Republican Party nomination.
 Had to join Twitter for the first time just to support Donald  . TRUMP 2016 Great!
 I think America had enough of the faking and is ready for someone REAL just look at 
 Great job  you slayed Mr. Sanchez with the #truth thx 4 defending  
Tonight's official count--7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016 
See, the attack  very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision. 
Via  Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses

Interesting reading re September 11th 
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW! 

Bruce Willis wearing my hat on  last Friday- 
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
 Our passion for  is amazing! 
      HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN #Trump 
   why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes?  
 Hey  --&gt; FLASHBACK: Jeb Bush Admitted ‘Leaky’ Immigration Led to 9/11  #tcot  WOW!
 We finally have a voice with  #VoteTrump #CoalitionForTrump #CitizensForTrump
    i don't care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED
 Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow is  by 
 The problem is  was a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base. Weak at best!
    why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about.
   Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down😃
     George is full of Crap SC Element TV's Are CHINESE MADE.  WHAT A LIAR!!
  Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS
 The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is  . He is such a sourpuss, HATES 
Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way  and her puppets unfairly treat us is don't watch her show!
   So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!
   I'm watching it again right now in California
   Can't wait for  to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!  Won't happen!
  We want Donald !! Yah next president! #TrumpTrain #TrumpForPresident  We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
  Great interview!  Thanks
   A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump #Trumptrain
   Pampered  who never had a real job has no problem w/USA losin jobs 2 foreign countries 
   It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again.  Trump 2016
   Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America! #Trump2016
  THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!
 Again SNL (10/17) exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO, an unwanted Senatorial candidate, &amp; GOD forbid next Prez #NTXForum
   So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!  Thank you.
  we were attacked on ur brothers watch. That's not safe. I have respect 4 GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq &amp; 911
   The TV's made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys.  is right  #WakeUpAmerica
     Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on   at 6:00 P.M.
 I believe  can make AMERICA GREAT again #C2GTHR   Thank you!
    Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster.
  Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio. 
    jebbush marcorubio: How could those two think they can compete with you. You are a legend.
  Can't Stump the Trump
  Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America  #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
    GW Bush was open borders like  TERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!
 An Incredibly Strong Interview Of   Good Response  IC Those  NaySayers dissapating!
   Couldn't have said it, better... Nothing fake about you, sir.
  Dude,  's tactics are just on a level we've never seen before. 
 Read this DJT full-p ad from 1989 and tell me DonaldTrump is a Johnny-Come-Lately fake conservative: 
 right. Trump on 9/11 happening on Bush's watch: With my immigration policy, I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country
Just reported by CNN that the Trump halo effect  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
   LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!
   LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on  - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on  Big statement made by Chris!
  I don't think  will cave. They've seen ratings soar with  and Money matters!
  Trump wins, hands down:  Jeb is weak, Rubio is broke.
  Get a life George Will. USA doesn't make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn  hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
 never thought I'd say this but  sparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didn't keep US safe
  One of the best interviews I have seen!  
    Joe have U resigned to the inevitable? Take UR seat on the 
   Chris Wallace: After my interview and listening to his answers, I think Donald Trump could be President
    Of course they're going up! Trump is going to WIN this!! #Trump2016  Thanks.
  is what we need to fix this mess! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Im only 11 but my parents are voting for Trump!
 #STOPTHEPRESSES  just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee! #HellJustFrozeOver 
Does everyone remember    and his famous remarks about self-deportation and 47%. He was done. I don't need his angry advice!
. and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
.  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible choke loss to Obama!
  Loving  interview. #TrumpSwagger #ChrisWallace Thank you.
.
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
 Donald Trump is so far ahead in two key state polls.     Thanks Clayton
Amazing! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

 Some of you already know. I have made the Jump to Trump. Donald Trump is the man that will win the GOP.
  I was with you in Tyngsboro, Ma. last night! You WILL be our next President!!! What a fantastic evening!
 Jeb and Marco OWE IT to their contributors to admit they have NO CHANCE of winning, and figure out how to PAY BACK everyone
  At happy hour tonight in Charleston, SC, everyone at the bar said they were supporting Donald Trump. Thanks!
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
   Jeb supports open borders-common core- Visa H-IB Visa's for illegals. Super PAC Saudis.
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
 NYPost gets it, you talk like a New Yorker. My Dad is a Democrat Long-Islander, he gets it too, and you've got his vote
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!

Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!

Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing- 
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say- 
. is on the front page of the  waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people – no pic!
Thank you  for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond. 

. you did a fantastic job tonight on  Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
. like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
No  you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
.
At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner. 
A great new poll-33%! 
Nice story from  
.  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
 Hahahahahahaha...love it!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2015 #TrumpTrain Choo choo...all aboard! :) 
   You GOPe supporters wrong again on Trump, give it up. Get on the Trump train. GREAT NEWS
     Totally agree! Great Father with a great family - winning combination at life.Thanks
   Well,  is an establishment hack big government RINO whose only hope is  - That's sad, eh!?
  the truth prevails when it is so obvious.  is a force that is unstoppable
    Matt will vote for Trump i just know he will !
   Grt interview, I'm telling ya,  children r going 2 b a HUGE asset 2 him &amp; his campaign
. was FANTASTIC on  this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
. has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
  Karl Rove still thinks Romney won. Why is he still on TV?
 Did you also hear Megyn say Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls OUTRIGHT LIE!  Hatred!
 Donald, Megyn Kelly seeks ratings, not truth Not much of a journalist. Stay focused &amp; make your own narrative. It's working
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
. is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
 Such a played out segment as well, can't stand to watch her anymore. The bobbing head drives me nuts... #boycottKellyFile
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
   is what we millennials need. I used to support that socialist from VT, what a mistake.
        is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment
  Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for ALL of us.
 .Met  a few years back. DonaldTrump is wise to enlist his daughter's help. She's a throughly impressive person.
Will be on  tomorrow with  Enjoy!
Why is the  being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
. is pushing the  around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The  should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that  is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
. joined    &amp; was asked about his thoughts on  #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice!
A great day in New Jersey for Trump!  &amp; 
Signing my tax return.... 
I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.   
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain 
  with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!! #Trump2016
Just did  Will be back on at 11pm on 
  is in it to win it.
 I swear, Donald is getting better, bolder, brasher, and more kick ass with every event/intvw he does! HE WILL WIN!
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina – great #’s 
. did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for Nevada—WOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4
  
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
We need a strong leader- and fast! 
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
The latest book on Hillary—Wow, a really tough one!   
 Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!
  Thank goodness #DemDebate is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
   sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america 2015
  I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns #CNNDebate #CNN #Debate #DNC
  they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny #DemDebate #USADJT2016
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
  100,000 people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP 2016. Checking out the clown competition
  OMalley destroyed Maryland..  True, he was a disaster.
  watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross, GA
Wow, I am giving a speech on OAN. Much more exciting than debate!
  Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING America's veterans!
  exactly! #DemDebate is a joke. Trump2016!
 These 5 make  look like Winston Churchill #DemDebate  Cute!
   his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding  Thanks.
 After  poor performance, waffling in debates,  should support 
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
 I can't wait for  to debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!
 The only winner of the #DemDebate is   This is not a great debate - a little sad!
   isn't on the stage, turning this garbage off
 How amazing is it that the #1 trending topic is  talking about the #DemDebate-more than the debate itself
   Why did Hillary get to skate past the Do Black Lives Matter  Anderson let her off hook!
 I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need 
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
 I couldn't even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the  debated any one of these five jabronis
 Yada yada...It's a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets!  #DemDebate  Thanks.
  I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate.
 Webb is trying to be  and its not working.  He is not doing well!
 This is one of the most dysfunctional debates I've seen in my lifetime. 
  I love that NO group can buy 
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
  we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!!   Thanks!
  I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting. #DemDebate
   Support the NRA more then ever,  needs to back  who wants to protect 2nd amendment!
  not watching debate....just your tweets  Nice!
  why is Webb there??
 Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along with  and #DemDebate. Lets make America great again! #trump2016
  Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!
  I think  and  are supposed to be on this stage
 On our 25th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch #DemDebate and read  comments.
  These cats are like bad used car salesmen.
 Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow! #trump2016 #DemDebate
   if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching
 I miss  #CNNDebate
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
   Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!
 . was right...#DemDebate is boring 😴💤 these ppl are so scripted  So far!
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate
  imagine Chafey standing up to Putin
  Webb is OUT!!  Bad opening!  #DemDebate
  Good luck commenting on this snooze fest, I'm out.
  I have the #DemDebate on CNN, but pay attention more to my phone, does it still count as me watching it?
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   #DemDebate
    I'm watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trump's Tweets. Grab the popcorn
  where are you? I'm already getting bored and it hasn't even started #DemDebate
 My tv is off, twitter is up, waiting for the real show, starring  #CNNSocialistDebate  #DemDebate
 #DemDebate  The  interview tomorrow on  will have better ratings than the #democraticdebate #Trump2016
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
     We need Trump Now!!!  Make America Great Again!
     following Donald is beautiful. If it's not beautiful it's not Donald So nice!
  they need to take the debate slow, a lot of low energy on the stage tonight. I hope not!
 The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones.
  I'd rather see  be the debate moderator!
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
 Will  be tough as they were with  ?  No way, they will want to be soooo nice!
 . will be live-tweeting the #DemDebate  via  
    can't wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets. You sound like a very smart person!
  #Yourworld If  wins Barry Diller will move out of country. Sounds like a win, win.
Live from New York- November 7th!  
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th --  look forward to it! 
Exclusive--Davi: Trump, The Lion We Need  
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH?
So nice, thank you very much.  
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight.  #DemDebate
Very honored: Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds     

 I can't wait for  live tweets during Dem debate tonight. Won't watch debate but will watch Trump's Twitter
    can't wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets.  Will be so much better than CNN!
 Will  be tough as they were with  ? Not sure.. No way, they will be very gentle!
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
 #morningjoe    Surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative?
 That feminist who called out Trump last night? She's a Jeb intern.   Jeb always gets caught, sad!
 Get the popcorn, Donald Trump plans to live-tweet the #CNNDebate. #DemDebate 
 Dan Rather: Donald Trump Could Be Our Next President   I agree - thanks Dan!
Someone should inform  that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
   Sorry link above not working. Here's good link    and Jeb - apologize!
 California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing illegals right to VOTE using drivers lic.ID. 
 . Sickening attempt. I hope . jumps another 10 points. #WakeUpAmerica 
     You Can't Stump the Trump  
  You are looking &amp; sounding more Presidential everyday. The country is ready for you to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
   Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?
  Great Fox interview  
   time we had a businessman in the WH,who can bring back jobs to America and restore the middle class
    Another great interview. You were point on .... As good as it gets!  Thanks!
 That young girl asking if she'll have control over her own body looked like she was planted there!  
    Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!
Will be interviewed by  on  at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you. 
Via RealClear Politics  
  doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on   last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on  tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
 . praises good guy Trump and his upstanding and grounded kids  
 . was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011   So true!
 Tuesday's Democratic debate is missing just one thing: Donald Trump.  True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
 They used to call Barry Diller the father of e-commerce-what a joke that was - and that he is. 100%clueless on Internet
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
Via Breitbart - Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia

With the fantastic ratings last weekend,  &amp;  I think it’s only fair that I go on  w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on  with  tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with  on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on  at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
. with  had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain 
. just informed us that my interview last week on  was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
 People are writing tribute songs for Donald Trump   Thanks to all of these great songwriters. Get rich!
   She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE! #Trump2016
 . biggest Hispanic fan: He’s my perfect man    A great woman!
  Go President Trump! Many Canadians up here are behind you... totally! 
      The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!
 Please don't ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
  Trump keep fighting the fight for America, we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION
  ATL LOVES TRUMP!!!  Thanks!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
Will be interviewed on Media Buzz with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M.
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch  on CBS &amp;  #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
Mark--They could use you.  
Good luck to the US Men’s National Team in tomorrow’s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!  It should be a great game!  
New Gravis Poll in NH just out:  Trump 32%, Carson 13%  
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas 
 Keep the faith. Elect  and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals.
 With this month's 224-page  book Crippled America, Trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate..
Thank you. 
  MSM cut off intro of Trump in LV where we were told he just gave $20 million to St. Jude's Charity  …
  I'm Hispanic &amp;  has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland! 
  yeah, you're really wearing out your welcome.  Who's dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!
True. Thanks.  
Thanks. 
  Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info:  Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I will be interviewed on  Sunday 10AM on CBS.  is a true pro!
    the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again. Thanks.
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.  
Good luck! Enjoy. 
   on  There is nothing Trump does that doesn't work for him.
  Thank you for taking on the   Establishment.They don't know what to do, do they?
   you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up! #AlisaReal Thx
Will be interviewed on  at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that  one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
. ran  into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to  and good luck in the future!
. is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada! 
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! 
Thank you! 
   rocks it everywhere he goes Thanks.
Thanks. 
Website Exposing Marco ‘Amnesty’ Rubio Goes Live: A ‘Donor Class Puppet’? - Breitbart    
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian   
This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America  via Bloomberg Politics  
 Wow 5000+ in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr  !
  we know this and that's why you will be our next President  Thank you.
 No one else brings the passion, conviction, experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! I'm excited.
    WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CAN'T WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP
 I haven't missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #IBelieve
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  It's not going to happen with anyone else.
  I would like to nominate  for Speaker of the House What a great idea, she is a total winner! (Nice)
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear  of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
I hear  is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.
Wacky  who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
  YES!!!!!!!!!! AMERICA NEEDS  FOR PRESIDENT!!! CAN'T WAIT FOR AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!!!!
  This is the size crowd you get when people care what you say -Trump in Oklahoma . Got even bigger 
  I truly believe you are the best #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thank you so much!
    Donald Trump, our next president of the United States! #trump2016  Thank you.
    Pay him, just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide.
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
   And he's still a consultant? For what?  Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice.
    tired of FOX bashing Trump &amp; pushing GOP establish / Christie/Rubio/Bush
   On the bright side Romney's loss gave us Donald Trump!  So true!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
. made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
. has no power,  but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns  and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
        Don't worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !
 NEW- 10/6/15 REUTERS IPSOS POLL DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DOMINATE! OVER 37%!!  
 The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for  #Trump2016
  we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Let's make America great again! VOTE TRUMP 2016
   Trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as Steve Hayes said - small fry.
     At least  came to her senses #asksean 
     Just In! 10/6/15 Morning Poll Trump +18% Trump 31 Carson 13 Rubio 10 Bush 7 Fiorina 6
  Your Doing GREAT!  Thanks.
    Why are you even on tv? U sound like nails on a chalkboard. Biased against Trump.  So true!
 pundits love to take a snippet, out of context, from something DonaldTrump says, and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it
  What media fails to mention,  offers solutions, even without details....separates him from others!
   DonaldTrump GOD voters are NOT getting tired of Trump! He's winning over others too #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
   He did give tremendous praise for you this morning on  Keep it up!Make America Great Again!
   TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT YOU HAVE MY VOTE.  GREAT.
 Guess Barry Diller is afraid  is about to upset the crony applecart. #Trump2016  An angry fool!
  see u Sat in GA !!  Great!
  hope you win it all . Time for a change !!
 My 2016 Vote will B based on #MakeAmericaGreatAgain NOT Eminent Domain●Americans need 2Prioritize   
  was great!  is jealous that Trump didn't mention him. It's because SH is so wrong!
 I enjoy every  speech IN ITS ENTIRETY NOBODY's going 2 tell me what our NEXT PRESIDENT says but HIM.
True! 
I will be on  with  tonight at 6PM. 
Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump via Washington Examiner  
Crooked  has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—I said no—total frauds!
.  Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
    You have my vote
   great interview Trump!
  is fired up on  So are your supporters!! #Trump2016
  Trump Shuts down Cuomo. I am not getting out. I am going to win. Cuomo tries sleazy tricks . Epic Fail. Unprofessional.
   TRUMP EVEN SHARPER THAN LAST WEEK!!YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL...
   Great job Mr Trump,,,Kept em on topic,, Got your message though.
 Great interview on #NewDay  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
   That was awesome, boss! #trump2016
 seriously Cuomo hates DonaldTrump he was a pathetic interviewer AS USUAL! Please don't go anywhere Mr Trump AMERICA NEEDS YOU
  Pew poll:  holds commanding lead  
   wow, did Trump kick ass with Cuomo! You are the man, Mr. Trump; certainly not the lamb chop, Rubio.
 My choice  just finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air.
   Stop interrupting Trump..Please..He is CORRECT ON EVERYTHING..
     Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marco's head
I will be interviewed on  New Day at 7:03 A.M. Enjoy!
     Trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not Rubio's idea
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
     . Mark Levin interview was great
 Love fest for DonaldTrump on  just now. Top 5 talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!
     media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls!
  9 million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over 100 MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama
  - don't let the media &amp; the  elites push you out- Americans are with you! Thanks, I won't!
  will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
   TRUTH .Just like Perry, Walker, Bush .. all y'all who go after  WILL FAIL 💯 #Trump2016
  You have the ability to lift the spirits of this country to be GREAT AGAIN! Thanks, I will do it!
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 “If Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise.”  Nice!
 We're pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall. -  So true!
 HEADLINES: Donald Trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go #KeepingItReal 
 Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at 8:30 PM eastern time. Will be my great honor, so much to talk about!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
 I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
  When are you coming to #virginiabeach? Very soon!
 DonaldTrump is right. And sadly Christians were treated better under Hussein &amp; Gaddafi than ISIS. 
  Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did
  You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
 WATCH  Fires Up the Crowd in Franklin, Tennessee  via 
  Hollywood doesn't get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!👍👍
Will be interviewed by  on  at 10:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by  on     at 10:00 A.M.
  ILLEGAL ALIENS FOUND GUILTY OF MURDERING BORDER PATROL AGENT  
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
  ends speech in Franklin, Tennessee w/ Thank You I Love You All!! We love you 2 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
    i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP in MAY and NOVEMBER  Thanks.
 This morning on  -  sit down with  in his NYC Campaign HQ #MTP 
 Okay okay  was right: LaGuardia Airport is a total dump. Like really, really bad.
  Great Job Donald!!! Can't waite for you to be President and neither can America!!
      
Will be interviewed on  at 8:30.
 Watched the roast of  You took those jokes like a champ, what a good sport! Im voting for you now  Great.
  I am Hispanic and will vote for 
 Thank you  for the great #SNL this week!!!
  Please don't roll over . You are this country's last hope and our kids need you. Don't lose this deal !
  The more the Progressives &amp; RINO's poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!
 . plays a way better fake  than a real  plays herself 
 If  becomes  we will finally have a  Hall of Famer as President.
 It's funny how they say  doesn't give specifics but he's the only one who put out more than 2 policies.
  I think I just heard  ratings go up another 5% #Trump #SNL
Tune in to see me on  with  at 10am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on  with  tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on  Enjoy!
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon! 
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they love each other.They don't - word is hate!
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last establishment man standing against me.Great
  I like gutsy brave guys like #Trump #Reagan , I hate all those bloody hypocrites  Thank you.
Thank you  for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
 Overwhelming wins by  in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election.
 Going to see  tomorrow in franklin TN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
 DonaldTrump your kicking everyone's ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!
  great numbers #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thanks.
    Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity #Trump2016
  It'd be humorous to cull tweets from experts over past few mos who have predicted Trump's immediate collapse
 Trump's big lead in a new poll and whether Jeb's stuff happens was taken out of context with  tonight Thanks H!
   You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!
 Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP 2016
 RT   Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters…  #RT #CNN #HBO 
 Don't slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Don't leave us with Jeb!
 Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters Show Donald Trump Surging With 34 - 35% Support...  via
 P. Diddy is a fan of Donald Trump:  
 Donald Trump Leads by 9 Points in Pew Poll – Jeb Bush in Free Fall #tcot 
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging  in upstate, New York. 
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of  in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
 Pastor Robert Jeffres accurately gushes about Donald Trump  Pastor Jeffres is a great guy!
 Why Buffalo Bills could be responsible for Donald Trump becoming president  Team has a great owner!
  Virginians stand with you sir! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
     we love trump
 I enjoyed  interview with  on  Need more interviews like that. Thanks.
  Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!
 The HUGE  DonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow (Friday) on   channel at 10am ET.
      GO TRUMP, OUR GUY
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
   IF  ran more like  and less like McCain, he would've won. Failed campaign tactics.
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
    No body knows foreign policy any better than Trump. Vote T
 CNBC's John Harwood Today We don't have Superman presidents No DonaldTrump replied ..But we WILL if you have Trump! #Trump2016
    The truth about Romney...he didn't want the presidency bad enough!  He choked!
   Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didn't fight hard enough. True!
 How can Illinois keep  off the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!
   it's sad, but GOP does not want you as their candidate. But we the people do. Latinos for Trump.
. is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've won—he choked!
Thanks. 
  was right.  wont last. Even Paul knew it. Thats why he's still running for his Senate seat  #Trump2016
 Latest  finds  at 37 percent approval,  leading GOP in #Wisconsin.
  Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye, bye Rand!
 It's hard to get through corrupt media filter but Trump is doing it. Check out 9/30/15  int'view 
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
  is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. It's real. Thank you!
   congratulations Don that was a great interview 
 . Great interview on    #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TRUMP
  great interview with  Thank you.
 How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted.
  Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point.
 I just watched D Trumps interview on  i get more impressed everytime i hear him speak!  #Trump2016-Thanks
Trump’s Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve? by Jeff Bell
  
I will be interviewed by  tonight on  at 10PM.
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate. 
With  a great guy, at our 20,000 people event in Oklahoma last week. 
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root. 
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! 
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!

Highly respected economist  is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you Larry. 
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
  who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just don't want a good country Thank you.
Just read that Trump has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Great! 
Carl Icahn said this about me:  I think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems.
Definitely watch  ‘s ‘Danger Ahead’. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America: 
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
  MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP 2016!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for  last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy  by Wayne Allyn Root. 
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate  
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!
Will be doing  with  tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Thanks.  
  First time in my life I wish I was an American citizen so I could vote for  !!
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan-  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference
#Trump2016  
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at 
  notice how your twits about  are the most RT!  We the American ppl love and want #Trump2016 !
   watched 60 mins first time ever. Love Trump hate Scotty
    Thats exactly what I thought. We haven't had great leader since Reagan&amp;now Trump
 All Scott Pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be Trump.
    Haven't seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate. #trump2016
 When asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls -  replies: It's cheaper than wall paper... Ha!
 Trump went way up in my 'poll' when he said he'd take money from what US is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security
     EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTIN'S BRILLIANCE AND TRUMP'S.  I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS.
 .  announces his tax plan tomorrow morning 
  While the former KGB Putin gets softballs, Trump gets the Matt Harvey fastball and hits it out of the park.
  Trump did a great job on 60 Minutes! He will be a strong leader for our country!Looking forward to voting Trump
   Great interview,Trump ruled. Great response 2 Trade War claim. All anyone has 2 do is look at foreign tariffs
  Imagine that, an American president standing up for the American people! Go Trump Go! #Trump2016
   Been watching!!! Brilliant Mr. Trump, he is so Awesome!! And real.
Hope we all enjoy   tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
  Time for real change, TRUMP 16
   Trump will win, I know it.
  we are tired of lies. Trump 2016
 Ex-wife Ivana Trump says  can win, likely WILL win, and will be a great President. 
  Mr Trump Please Do not give in.You are Changing History. We Need you as our Next Leader, Its Your Time
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
    Fiorina is not surging..she is begging for money..and she owns this. 
   Look forward to it, Donald. You are doing Great! Please keep up the fight, many of us are behind you 100%!!
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
 I will be on   this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
  Think about it. When's the last time a Prez actually did what he said? TRUMP does what he says. Will Be Greatest Prez Ever
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at… 
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
Thank you   
I will be on   this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
. The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Who's Benefiting Most? 
. Trump on Boehner resignation: 'It's a good thing' 
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! 
. is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest  just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
At the Old Post Office- 
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
   Waiting for the biased media to write about the 30,000 Carly fired as a failed CEO. America is for Trump!
. the    poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
  They attack Trump for not giving policy  is the most important detail, he WINS.
   WHAT THE LOBBYISTS, THE MEDIA AND CAREER POLITICIANS WILL DO NEXT TO TRY TO STOP TRUMP? SILENT MAJORITY IS BACK
Just watched  on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
  WHEN THE OTHER CANDIDATES ARE TALKING POLITICS TRUMP IS TALKING SOLUTIONS. HE IS THE MOST TALENTED CANDIDATE.
Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll! 
The failing  news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
. which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Dishonest  reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward… 
Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field 
Despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big 
So happy about my daughter  announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Will be on  at 6:30 A.M.
Will be on  at 7:00 A.M.
. owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit  to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent  lost it tonight on  He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to   
. has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed. 
Headline reads Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%
.  Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
   still cannot figure out this massive base of support for Trump is because he is anti- politician. #Trump2016
I will be doing  at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy! 
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of   this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
I think  should take another eleven day unscheduled vacation.
Do you ever notice that lightweight  constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!
Senator Marco amnesty Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION
I will be on the  tonight at 11:30 
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
Morning Consult poll: Trump Leads  
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
    I steer away from Fox now. Never thought that would happen.
   Have you listened to his plans for Vets when he takes office? They're Incredible!!
  Trump is the only candidate telling the truth... the GOP is planning to stab Trump in the back... 
    will you cry when Marco Amnesty loses nomination?
  #TRUMp2016 would be the best for the country, jobs, trade and taxes - all others are status quo #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
    is the only one who can get us out of this mess!  True!
  Fox has become a supporter of Liberals!They are Not supporting the GOP candidates-especially Trump! Quit watching
   Hey Donald your not alone. I can't watch it at all. Used to be all i watched.
     is fighting for middle class and veterans! Discussing trade deals.
  Do what most of us are doing! Turn off  There is a major boycott going on with them, anyway. Problem solved!
  I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner
  WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thanks.
   I have been since you started running &amp; I noticed Meghan Kelly's attacks. Stopped watching. Only Hannity 4 sure. Yes!
       Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family
   and millions will agree with you! Most of us on twitter now view OAN network
   They attack you more then CNN or MSNBC combined. Just a bunch of old Bush appointee Rhinos.
   Im not sure why u r giving them this much importance, they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!!
    What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham.
      that's ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!
  you must be relentless and maintain energy, and respond as you have been. It's a marathon.  True.
  Thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of   Thanks Mark!
. is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue!
I am having a really hard time watching 
  will get out disaffected Repub base voters as well as Democrats looking for a real choice on immigration.
  Do you dream about  He's in your head. Let it go. She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show.
     The way you have treated  is totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair
  Can't even think what the race would be without you in it.
   love you trump
    this is bull fox. O'Reilly, I expect better from you. What is going on? Fair and balanced my ass
   You dominate not because of them-but despite them;They need you more than you need them
   Couldn't agree more!
   they're not Trump haters. They're spoon fed morons.
. why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
. was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC.  not good for me!
  touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
Via HuffPost Pollster #1 
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by  #OnTheRecord
I got to know  well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future.
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes. 
  Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message 
#AskTrump  
I had a great time at  #AskTrump 
I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A  Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump 
. #asktrump 
. #asktrump 
. #asktrump 
. #asktrump 
. #asktrump 
. #asktrump 
. #asktrump 
. #asktrump 
. #asktrump 
. #asktrump 
. #asktrump 
. #asktrump 
#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions. 
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! 
Jeb has been confused for forty years- 
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! 
#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from  later this afternoon.
New Zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!
   
  
  touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
   Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse.
  could you make your interview with  any more biased or... #TrumpForPresident
   You are great!!
  here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obama's a Muslim 
    I dvr every Fox evening show EXCEPT Megyn's. She is a mean &amp; bitter woman.
    ...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I don't get it...are they idiots?
   you go trumpy, don't back down  I won't.
 On the Muslim issue: It might help  if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.
 On the Muslim issue: It might help  if he didn't take five years to visit Israel
 On the Muslim issue: It might help  if he actually didn't come across as hostile to evangelicals in this country
   I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girl's vote!!!
 Thanks  and  for showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll! #trainwreck #Trump2016
The  refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used  numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on   now. Enjoy!
  thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again!
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all  polls, with two more today,  and  The NBC poll is more than double next,  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on  at 10:30.  will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
 CNN tried to destroy Donald Trump with vaccine autism question, but he gave this AMAZING response 
 THE best interview thus far...keep it up Trump! Donald Trump: Enough With the Nice!  via 
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp;  I had a great time in Iowa today! 
A great night in Iowa! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- 
I’ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. 
Thank you.  
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!  
  -- Donald J. Trump
Wow, great post-debate poll: Trump Increases Lead via Breitbart  
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the   A wonderful and talented guy!
Will be interviewed tonight by  on  at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Just announced that in the history of  last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?
#CNNDebate 
#CNNDebate 
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! 
#CNNDebate Winning the  poll- 
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! 
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe  is milking it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!
    No one can imitate Trump. He's one of a kind. I love him more each day. #Trump2016  Thanks
 We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami. Great.
 Only 15 percent of  voters said they would not back  as the party’s standard-bearer. 
  - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader.
   More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I can't imagine they wouldn't!
   The sold to lobbyists candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win.
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
. Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
The polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you 
. asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I’ll lower big league for middle class.
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony  says I will raise taxes—just another lie.
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said NO. Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp;  on  at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: 
If you’re a veteran in Los Angeles, I want you to join me and  today 9/15 on  Sign up here! 
   FABULOUS DONALD. SO PROUD OF U! KEEP UP GD WORK!   
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! 
Vets mistreated, NO border security? I’m with  this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! 
The event with me and  in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone 
Looking forward to joining  Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the  - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! 
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
Thanks Mark, will be fun. 
To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Congrats to my friend  who is doing next season’s  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
My honor, thank you.  
  Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
  Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters #Trump2016
 I don't know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for  #TeamTrump 🇺🇸 
  please make this country great again &amp; help secure our borders Mr. Trump, you're our last hope. #Trump2016
  Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future?#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Yes.
 Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
  There's only one I'll never support: 
 Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. He'll deal with Putin more effectively than anyone.
 I hated to love it, but  was hilarious on  last night!  #thedonald
Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate.  at 11th, with 2% in  shouldn't be allowed to participate.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son,  didn't get the right gene.
Lightweight Senator  should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
Donald Trump Sends  to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months.  that is #HUGE!

Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. 
. thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Will be on  at 8:00. Enjoy!
    That's awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!
 #Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links. Luxury resort in #Doonbeg on Ireland's  
  Ignore the losers and the haters, you are  going to make this country great again
 Trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all
 You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again.
  does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul.
 I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong-
  I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump Thanks.
 If  doesn't become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is. #trump Nice, thanks!
 you on Jimmy lastnight &amp; how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much
  My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you.  Great.
 Carson on  now. He is worse than Jeb; like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump
  blew it away on  The ratings will be HUUUGE.
     Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
 What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Brady's performance yesterday?  He was fantastic, a total winner!
 Mr. Trump, you weren't just HUGE on  - you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!
 At the neighborhood bar talking about  we need him We will make America great again!
    You even made the show great again.
    Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!
 If I was 18 I'd vote for  Thank you!
    absolutely, he's just simply the best #realdonaldtrump
    loved the show....trump2016
   is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - &amp; jobs
   #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
 Trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on  tonight. The young people are going to love him!
Backstage with  before opening skit- great fun!  
The Tonight Show  will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!
Amazing crowd outside  Tune in tonight at 11:30. 
. is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
On  with  at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
Via The Hill No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally 
. I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on  Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow, lightweight Governor  who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! 
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him….
  The numbers are amazing!  #GoGoGo🏻
I'll be on  ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on  . Probably true, but not nice!
I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here- 
A letter to  President Jeff Zucker- 
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
 While  rallies #NoIranDeal tomorrow,  will call China to ask for donations  
  we want Trump! America needs him desperately!
  I've just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was
Via  Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal 
Will be on Bill O'Reilly  tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%). 
I'm on Bill  tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow!
The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me just a little but is very false!
I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big ads—desperate! Don’t believe them.
Wake up Jeb supporters! 
Thank you  for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on  but  is easy to beat!
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert. 
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with  at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
    Looking forward to seeing you in Dallas and voting for you. Great!
   For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation.
  America needs you as the President to bring America back to letting Christians believe! So true!
   I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff.  spilled beans about 25k Thank you!
 No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except jobs pres 
Thank you  for your powerful words on  I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
 Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never Materialized  Not good!
 No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except jobs 
   The letter is out, liars.
  We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!
  I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!
   Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere
    it's good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars
  WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent  
 Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump
    Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal.
    wow I didn't know it was that unprofessional.
 vote for Trump #Trump2016 
   They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN.
    Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract donations from others
   Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization
   #Trump2016 COVERS PULLED   Here is the ridiculous letter!
  is gonna do some great things! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
  You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump Thank you.
. should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
   He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor
 Trump Leads as Bush Crashes  No #GOP establishment and/or pro-amnesty candidates #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
   as long as we can stay strong and give  our support. He's the leader.
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
  do you see what's in Tom Brady's Locker? 
 Check it out,  all the way from Wyoming! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Thank  you.
    AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt; POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all. #Trump2016
 Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup    Thank you!
If the presidential election were held today, according to this  poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: 
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
Saudi Arabia was vehemently against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Wow, the Dallas event in two weeks looks like a big winner! Get your tickets (American Airlines Center) FAST!
Just announced that because of Trump, advertising rates for debate on  are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on  He is just a 3rd rate gotcha guy!
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical gotcha questions
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!
. was terrible on  yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V.  can do so much better!
Terrific response to my previous tweet: I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.  …
So nice, thank you Laura.  
Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll 
I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas. 
Will be on  in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
  is there something to learn from  success? #Election2016
 Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 
    I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us.
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from  now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
 Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016  Sadly, so true!
. I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP 
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on  with  
. Great job on  this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
A terrible deal with Iran! 
 MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS...  Megyn, say thank you Donald!  also should say thanks!
Will be interviewed on  this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
 #TrumpOnCNN revealed character and spirit. Even as  changed subjects abruptly,  spoke from heart.
  Go #Trump2016
    I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions. He is a joke!
  Jeb bush couldn't shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over...
     Rove is suffering from  defeatism. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
  Keep the momentum going! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
 BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLE'S POTUS #2016GOPNOMINATION #TRUMP2016 #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAI     Great!
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on  you would think I'm doing poorly. 
Why does  and  always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see them
No more Clintons or Bushes! 
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding.
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
 Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in, that's why he has my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump   So true!
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
   My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD! Thank you
 #Trump2016  unofficial fight song  via  Such hard work and imagination-thanks
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only  has not reported this? Too bad!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from   
See, I told you so 
This is no act of love as Jeb Bush said… 
For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
  Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
 Herschel Walker: Donald Trump is 'my frontrunner' for president  via 
 Trump Wins Tea Party Group's 'Nashville Straw Poll' - Newsmax   GREAT, THANK YOU!
Via  TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT- 
